# dribblescribble
D  R  I  B  B  L  E   
  S  C  R  I  B  B  L  E 
is a fun fork of "Paper
soccer" and was written
in memory of Ludo, my
respected father, who
taught us how to play it
with pen and paper.
Every move ("dribble")
consists of exactly three
steps, drawing lines from
free dot to free dot or
into the goal, never
crossing a line. Type "a"
for how to move around.
  POINTS ARE SCORED BY   
 BLOCKING THE OPPONENT.  
When you are cornered by
your opponent and cannot
make a full three-dot
dribble from your current
position, you must choose
a dot from which YOUR
OPPONENT can take a free
kick ("F").
 YOUR OPPONENT SCORES A  
       POINT NOW!        
The game ends when one of
the players hits ANY goal
("a"-"k"), regardless of
the colour. The winner is
the player who took the
most free kicks, or in
case of a score draw, the
player that ends the game
in any goal.

 H  A  V  E    F  U  N  !
